a pilot died today during training
500 miles from london the direction
decided to keep the race for this
Saturday
the prototype was completely
destroyed
36 year old robson luiz colle died
during a training session at the ayrton racetrack
The body was still attached to the hardware.
relatives were desperate
the accident happened on this curve at the end
of a line so likely that the
People tried to analyze and see but they do not have
as we stand affirms nothing is that
by the brands to write here it has already come
half closed too much in the curve here right?
he came straight into the curve here right it
it seems that gave a lost rather it
passed by here he did not do the agency
and it took off that in this
our zebra here and fell in the front
in which he fell there and promise to
lost right and has no brake mark
in which he fell and continued straight and
we hit her tire there
this happened the organizers of the race
He says the pilot was about
180 kilometers per hour an impact was
so strong that pieces of the car were
scattered on all sides
even before the vehicle crashes into a
there are two possibilities for
this accident happened
The first is that it would have been missing
car since there is no
braking mark
the second would be a sudden crash the car
had an internal camera and the images already
were taken to the police
the image of the camera onboard the
What you can tell is that he tries
hold the car on the brake at least
interpretive mind is not conclusive
he tries to hold the brake on maybe he
Do not think the brake is for the car.
the grass and the car takes off and leaves
straight and hit the wall is discarded a
sudden illness is also positive and the
all the time with your hand on the steering wheel trying
defend yourself
robinson would participate in the 22nd edition of
500 miles from londrina
soon after the accident the direction of the
meeting with the representatives of the
all teams and decided to keep the
race even teams interest
lose interest in logistics
People come a lot of people out here.
is 90% or more is outside so have a
some sponsorship decision, this is a
sport is and the fatality did not happen
You can stop because of this fatality.
with all our dismay is
really did not give the team
mc shark of the rio grande do sul will not
to participate is that Robinson Korn was very
friend of everyone from the gaucho team who will
attending the wake is because it is a question
sentimental
I understand the decision made by all
those who are participating here this
We honor this but we for being so
close to their staff walking well
say the weekend all together to
head is not not legal during the
meeting of the representatives of the
raised the question of the safety of
racetrack
the pilots stated that the racetrack
needs repairs to ensure the
safety who runs here
example there are claims of
other categories including already done
a wall a little further away and is
waiting for the removal of that zebras
some points it has a lump
then the zebra that is a little
exaggerated I think it has to move
we should also claim this, right?
together with the staff who administers autumn
and some improvements that some tires
certain borers
we try to avoid this
kind of thing in 21 years of existence
This is the second death that happens in the
race track of london the first in
official event on the 30th of November the
motorcyclist the allied latif ali of 37
years he died after he lost his
control of the bike on the curb and reached
protection grid for the 500
miles from londrina the race directors
they will do special training before
same schedule tomorrow does not change anything
for me this one thing that will change
here instead of closet is time consuming
and training will be resumed today
at 8 o'clock at night a very fatality
but everyone expected the proof
was advanced
it is difficult to discuss the cause of
accident what really took because
there the possibility is that
working there for the technicians is really
the brake is not a brake problem because
has a mark that appeared in the image the
viewer must have observed that it is
an asphalt scraping of the floor of the
car
and as some people have said that
car took off then it should have that
and there it gained speed when
plays in the grass and goes with a maybe
even harder on the tire barrier
then hit back on the part of the barrier
of tires before reaching a wall and there
the fatal accident
Look at all the accidents since we
with the motorcycle and now the 500 miles
this one will be more emblematic for
to be a traditional race of the
city and even the state governor
participates but every time stands up is
re-discusses the safety of the
London race track is not
not precisely because of this case that
there may have been a mechanical failure but
by others and others and other issues
which have been discussed since other
events since other races in the
Ayrton Senna racetrack is regrettable in
tarobá tv is supporting the 500 miles
but that mourning stays from now on
It sure draws a lot of the brightness of this
beautiful race this beautiful proof that like me
said